sup bros you having problems with your
laptop I'm just got to talk to about
that you know in fact i'm here to tell
you on how to properly take care of your
laptop alright dudes and dudettes you're
going to need to know how to take care
your laptop that's what we're here for
let's bring a laptop over now see here
we have a compact laptop now comes
issued with you know pretty much
anything you need windows 7 you know
everything it's the cup of good plants
at it real quick basic computer care
would be wiping your model now not with
your hands of course you know you're
gonna get some only get some wipes and
everything that's just cool thing to do
because it's not cool if you can't see
what you're looking at you know I'm
saying it's actually where you saying
you know I've had so many times where
I'm look at my computer screen and it's
just full of crap but now we're going to
boot it up for you and we're going to
show you know what what the startup
phase is we're going to show you how to
properly get into your computer power
cable comes with every computer ours
will have us to go in right here yeah
let you get a better view of that it's a
little hole you simply plug it in and
impress the bad boy power button you're
situated when your computer begins to
boot up it should show the name of the
computer or computer company and from
this point you should begin to see
Microsoft Corporation app or whatever it
is oh no what's this that is a boot
error you know what that means that
means no matter how many times you press
the key it's going to say the same thing
means you can peer sick your computer is
very sick so there's only one way to
cure this you need to check to see if
there's anything in the CD Drive and
plug any flash trajan and plug into your
there's no CD drive so you might as well
just take that thing out now that you've
taken that useless piece of equipment
out we can actually start to get down to
business your computer's not going to
get any better unless you eradicate the
issue I thought she's about the mixed
now if at this point you can pierce
start working what do you recommend
doing well you could continue to beat
the out of it or let's say I beat
the holy crap
like all night long four hours among
hours and it's still just not worry
doing here you need to also see as well
you need to start ripping up keys
cadishead whack at it yes just Kevin
will go ahead oh you heard my fingers I
funny or anything I see this cheeky
little purse there you go yes today if
it's all the shrapnel you're going to
want to keep over here in your separate
channel useless pile anymore this the CD
drive that we never we don't need this
start the computer so you look how many
keys we have gone it's it's almost there
then we're going to restart this bad boy
and see if it doesn't run hella good
wife you're trying to clean your
computer so you have my dogs grease
buildup minute how would you go about
removing that um I believe McDonald's
grease is the only irremovable product
from the computer hey boot up screen
we're doing good we're making progress
here we automate some wicked some hella
good progress Oh No still knocks
knocking all right look at that no gosh
darn see the trash your computer but at
this point we better come into me do we
give up all hope on it normally you see
this little this little thing sticking
out that's connected directly your
stream yeah sometimes if it's not if it
all else fails and you taking all your
keys out you've done everything you can
be managed you can think of there's
another option because it could be
there's something wrong with your screen
so you just make paper let's called
screen recalibration at this point shall
we plug it back in erie see if it's
working age it might work now let's do a
little bit you know that think that i
think that did it yeah I can definitely
see how much more flexible the screen is
now yeah I mean it either you Wow yeah
it's amazing there we go okay we're good
so far it's still it still knows what it
is oh darn it okay now this I know this
is ok it's let's make a good I'm get a
close-up look at that okay see the
circle to boost its a booster this were
here is a booster it boosts your
computer performing
by just sticking it in each ear Devon if
you just lay it and you're just laying
and don't have to plug it in wirelessly
syncs to your Wi-Fi like that's actually
something probably be using laptop he's
going to take the RAM out real quick so
we can eat different physically so in
future future reference future Ram it's
always a good thing to have and this is
see the full of RAM real quick now this
Ram is what helps us all down some eggs
regular life man I mean like to see it
playing you know sweet betas or whether
you're on pester children whatever
you're doing Rams what helps you do that
it helps you get the memory now now we
have a bucket filled with water you can
actually see the water physically right
there and we have one computer in the
works you know now I don't work but ill
look it there and now we're just going
negative Peter and lightly place it in
the water I sit in the water so we're
gonna let it soak for about an hour and
a half it's been about a good hour so so
we're going to remove the computer like
black grey out yeah you sure let it
drain out the insides are going to be
very wet let me just let me see that rag
real quick plug direct power back into
this bad boy and we're gonna power it up
once more there's really only one thing
we can do with this computer now you're
now going to want to unplug the power
you're not going to need this power
supply any longer with your computer
you're going to want to try to restore
it one more time so what we're going to
do and you rose a second so cool we're
going to give it a second soaking back
at the computer merged with water how do
it this time this time you're going to
want to leave it for about about 30
minutes okay Katie okay and after you
slosh it around for a little bit gonna
wanna reach in there and we'll pull out
our new computer oh okay let's see if
this bad boy boots up a little bit
oh wow if you can playing music for us
and he really tried up to youtube so
anytime you need help with computers or
anything electronic email me this is
dave strider and this was technology
today